when i found out what we have today
take off i think all day is spoiled ford
mondeo
what could be worse time to finally
dot the i's and find out
why this is the name of this model
the fact is that the first generation ford
mondeo was created as a world
the model name mondeo comes from
latin mundus meaning peace
worldwideness ford mondeo is expressed in
that this car is sold in all markets
world without much change
Salon is like a soda fountain
During the day, absolutely everybody’s annoying
Aluminum round button deflectors
krutilki and even pointed at first glance
luxury liquid crystal display
in the middle of ks intuitive infotainment
Looks here too, like a machine
sparkling water liquid crystal
The display also irritated the plastic on
front door panel objected
The rag parlor was annoyed with a signal that
handed over the car when you open the door
or don't close the door or at all
do something wrong do not turn off
light do not tuck the bed do not clean
teeth but about all these cheap jokes
you can immediately forget as soon as you have her
will lead
firstly this car is worth
two-liter diesel engine power
140 horsepower at all car
the new 2011 with a mileage of only 11
thousand kilometers
all my cheap skepticism vanished
as soon as I drove to the ford
mondeo
on our avenue which is now similar
Well as if it is a street bumper
pits and bumps it all seemed nothing
this car
excellent suspension mobile assembled exactly
just like in metal .
going assembled cabinet meeting
another mondeo feature
this is an individual flow control
fuel economy system
she chooses the best option
considering your driving style duration
travel and clean gear
here as expected you and tech center on
brand 48 you arrived in vain car but
you are only 11 thousand kilometers
drove so we only took time
the mechanics who were busy
tire because the main spring
subject to tire tight mechanics
a large number of tires amiable
mechanics brand 48 practically for
proforma inspected the car as you can see
clean move and you can make sure she
absolutely new said what to change
of course you don't need anything and not
tried to extricate some of the mechanics
diseases inherent in this model
they all said we said that
no specific diseases
everybody has trifles and locally that they
all in one go
that the main diseases are the main breakdowns
car starts immediately after 100 thousand
kilometers and yet to
make sure to mark 48 dot ru
Parts are cheaper you can go to the site
and on mark 48 point rub and make sure
the fact that parts are cheaper there and 20 30
percent compared to conventional
shopping on markov-a.ru crossing 2 and
let the phrase i bought myself ford mondeo
leads to longing for more than a trip to
diesel reno
and if you are natural stop the you
hard to accept design from ford
but scored dirty reliability 2
liter 140 strong turbodiesel which
accelerates the car to 150 faster than you
have time to tell your wife that you are
You think about your all
and collected as all the most expensive in
shell tame 100 suspension will save you
from the agony of choice
by the way as always on the set of this
the plot helped us our official
car mitsubishi outlander
so what we have in the bottom line is ford
mondeo 11 years with mileage
11 thousand kilometers with all kinds of
rain light sensors heated mirrors
heated windshield by the way box
automatic diesel innovation with listening to them
forces and all this in a fleet of 48 for 747
thousand rubles machine provided
car dealership automarket
automarket is used cars
who underwent a comprehensive diagnosis and
have a guarantee of legal purity
get acquainted with the range
cars and find out the details you
can on the site
automarket 48. ru